## From Sheep to Monkey - Summaries and Perspectives

Last year I did not celebrate lunar new year. I was doing my internship in ABB in Baden. Luckily I can continue my tradition this year. 

Currently I write the annual report on my flight from Beijing back to Chongqing. The first time for me to travel during rush time of domestic new-year transport.

During the first half of the last year, Switzerland and Europe were where I was. I do enjoy my last few month in Switzerland, working for my master thesis, traveling around, and also thinking about what to do next. I have got a GA card of SBB in the last four months.

Those places of interests that I visited, if I can still remember, are,

- Zurich street food festival with Danyi
- Vallorbe with Xinrui, visited a gorge and a little bit hiking, very close to France
- Sion with Hangxin, free fall in air tunnel, visited a castle around
- Oeschenensee, alone, around the lake, perfect
- Zurich hiking with friends, free transport
- Zurich, bahnhofstrasse and the lake, Wawa, Tommy Wang, Tiancheng
- Zurich, China Garden, with Danyi, perfect italian gelato. 
- La Chau-de-fonds, the museum of chronometers, the birth place of le Churbuier, little Paris
- Vienna, Sommernacht musik, graves of musician
- Back to Switzerland, visited Romansch Part, St-Moritz, little bit hiking, bernal railway
- Schaffenhausen, Rheinfall, Schwarzwald, Cocok
- Heidelberg
- Chateux d'Oex, Yangliu Hanzi, Xinrui, Golden pass
- The flower above Montreux
- Lac Leman, cruise
- St-prex
- St-Luc
- ...


For next year, some very important things will be done. I have to make up my mind to return to academic world, in the field of power. I just feel that, I am not qualified enough for my work. To be a doctor, my next dream. At the same time, start-up.

